[DOCS] Remove saved object and data view API pages (#190654)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/dashboard-api.asciidoc

[[dashboard-api]]
== Import and export dashboard APIs

> deprecated::[7.15.0,Both of these APIs have been deprecated in favor of saved object APIs.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated::[7.15.0,Both of these APIs have been deprecated in favor of the {api-kibana}/group/endpoint-saved-objects[saved objects API].]
```
